swift-ios/projects/emojional/i0.md, before:

# Iteration 0: Build UI

## Iteration Goals

By the end of this iteration, your app should:
  - have at least two buttons, each with an emoji
  - be completely styled (including constraints and home screen icon)

## Build Your UI

Design the UI of you app on a wireframe page:
  * Decide which emojis you want to display for your user to pick from.
  * Decide on a color scheme (if you want the background of your buttons to have a color).
  * For now, this should _just be_ this a single-view app. When you have a working product, decide if you have time if you have an idea for another screen!
  * Get your wireframe approved by an instructor.

Create a new Xcode project. You do NOT need Core Data.

Make your wireframes come to life on your StoryBoard. Do **not** establish any outlets or actions yet.

## Commit Your Changes

Run in simulator one last time to make sure everything looks just the way you want it to!

In your terminal, make sure you are still in the emojional directory. Add and commit your changes. Your commit message should be something like "Complete Iteration 0".

You're ready to go on to [Iteration 1]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/projects/emojional/i1)!

Commit message:

Fixed titles and committing changes sections

swift-ios/projects/emojional/i0.md, after:

---
title: Iteration 0: Build UI
---

## Iteration Goals

By the end of this iteration, your app should:
  - have at least two buttons, each with an emoji
  - be completely styled (including constraints and home screen icon)

## Build Your UI

Design the UI of you app on a wireframe page:
  * Decide which emojis you want to display for your user to pick from.
  * Decide on a color scheme (if you want the background of your buttons to have a color).
  * For now, this should _just be_ this a single-view app. When you have a working product, decide if you have time if you have an idea for another screen!
  * Get your wireframe approved by an instructor.

Create a new Xcode project. You do NOT need Core Data.

Make your wireframes come to life on your StoryBoard. Do **not** establish any outlets or actions yet.

## Commit Your Changes

Run in simulator one last time to make sure everything looks just the way you want it to!

From the top nav, select “Source Control,” then “Commit.” Follow the steps outlined in the GitHub lesson to commit your work! Your commit message should be something like “Complete Iteration 0.”

You're ready to go on to [Iteration 1]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/projects/emojional/i1)!
