swift-ios/lessons/index.md, before:

---
title: Mobile Lessons
---

[Back to main Mobile page]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios)

## Swift

- [Intro to Swift]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/intro-to-swift)
- [Conditionals]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/conditionals)
- [Functions]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/functions)
- [Arrays]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/arrays)
- [Dictionaries]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/dictionaries)
- [For-In Loops]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/loops)
- [Classes and Objects]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/classes-objects)
- [Object Interaction]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/object-interaction)

## StoryBoard, iOS

- [Xcode Projects]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/xcode-projects)
- [StoryBoard]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/storyboard)
- [Actions & Outlets]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/actions-outlets)
- [Accessing Camera & Displaying Photos]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/access-camera-display-photos)
- [Segues]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/segues)
- [Design]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/design)
- [Tables]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/tables)
- [Core Data Intro]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/core-data-intro)

## Culture of Tech


## Other

- [Welcome to KWK]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/welcome-to-kwk)
- [Intro to Repl]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/repl)
- [Git & GitHub]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/git-github)
- [Git & GitHub - Pairs]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/git-github-pairs)
- [How to Demo]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/how-to-demo)
- [Code Challenges]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/code-challenges)
- [Videos]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/videos)

<br>
[Back to main Mobile page]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios)

Commit message:

Update with Culture of Tech links

swift-ios/lessons/index.md, after:

---
title: Mobile Lessons
---

[Back to main Mobile page]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios)

## Swift

- [Intro to Swift]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/intro-to-swift)
- [Conditionals]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/conditionals)
- [Functions]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/functions)
- [Arrays]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/arrays)
- [Dictionaries]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/dictionaries)
- [For-In Loops]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/loops)
- [Classes and Objects]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/classes-objects)
- [Object Interaction]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/object-interaction)

## StoryBoard, iOS

- [Xcode Projects]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/xcode-projects)
- [StoryBoard]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/storyboard)
- [Actions & Outlets]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/actions-outlets)
- [Accessing Camera & Displaying Photos]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/access-camera-display-photos)
- [Segues]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/segues)
- [Design]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/design)
- [Tables]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/tables)
- [Core Data Intro]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/core-data-intro)

## Culture of Tech
- [Culture of Tech 1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16rR4ajhOvauMlwiqG7A06w2r0YCHP7h_laC2VxjJ_NM/edit)
- [Culture of Tech 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13eCsTwQGI3fUJf1I8Ph5b8-5_LbTB5nTF-9ilB4bkgQ/edit#)
- [Culture of Tech 3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1on9vYV_vwKaiq-NJDLTpqF3KsXJ9s43056PSaJifQeI/edit#heading=h.7xw8vftawg00)

## Other

- [Welcome to KWK]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/welcome-to-kwk)
- [Intro to Repl]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/repl)
- [Git & GitHub]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/git-github)
- [Git & GitHub - Pairs]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/git-github-pairs)
- [How to Demo]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/how-to-demo)
- [Code Challenges]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/code-challenges)
- [Videos]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons/videos)

<br>
[Back to main Mobile page]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios)
