web-app/projects/personal-project/index.md, before:

---
title: Final Project
---

[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)
Now that you've brainstormed, planned, and prototyped using your App Design Journal, you are about ready to start working on your Final Project.

## Project Plan and MVP

Once you and your partner are given the final go-ahead on your App Pitch, you'll need to decide what your MVP is, and write a Project Plan.

- `MVP` - minimum viable product. You probably have some amazing ideas that will probably change the world, but they may not get all the way there during this 3-day project, and that's ok. MVP is the idea of building part of your app so it's working app, even it doesn't meet all of your goals. Think of chicken - would you want to eat it half cooked? or would you choose to eat half a serving (fully cooked)?
- `Project Plan` - you should map out the steps you need to take to complete your project, starting with wireframes. Also, estimate the amount of time it will take so you can have an idea of where you should be at the end of each work day.

## Daily Check-Ins

As you work on a bigger project, it becomes more important to check in with your team on a regular basis. Whether you are a 1-person or 2-person team, you'll be checking in with your Project Manager daily (and on Thursday, twice) to make sure you are on track and get any support you need!

## Demo Day

On Friday afternoon, you will give a live demo of your app to the KWK community - your fellow scholars, instructors, mentors and families! We will have a session to help you prepare and practice your presentation. There is nothing to do now; we just wanted to give you a heads up.

<br>
[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)

Commit message:

Add reminder for jquery script tag

web-app/projects/personal-project/index.md, after:

---
title: Final Project
---

[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)
Now that you've brainstormed, planned, and prototyped using your App Design Journal, you are about ready to start working on your Final Project.

## Project Plan and MVP

Once you and your partner are given the final go-ahead on your App Pitch, you'll need to decide what your MVP is, and write a Project Plan.

- `MVP` - minimum viable product. You probably have some amazing ideas that will probably change the world, but they may not get all the way there during this 3-day project, and that's ok. MVP is the idea of building part of your app so it's working app, even it doesn't meet all of your goals. Think of chicken - would you want to eat it half cooked? or would you choose to eat half a serving (fully cooked)?
- `Project Plan` - you should map out the steps you need to take to complete your project, starting with wireframes. Also, estimate the amount of time it will take so you can have an idea of where you should be at the end of each work day.

> Pro Tip: Don't forget to include the script tag to bring in jQuery!

```html
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.4.1.min.js"></script>
```

## Daily Check-Ins

As you work on a bigger project, it becomes more important to check in with your team on a regular basis. Whether you are a 1-person or 2-person team, you'll be checking in with your Project Manager daily (and on Thursday, twice) to make sure you are on track and get any support you need!

## Demo Day

On Friday afternoon, you will give a live demo of your app to the KWK community - your fellow scholars, instructors, mentors and families! We will have a session to help you prepare and practice your presentation. There is nothing to do now; we just wanted to give you a heads up.

<br>
[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)
