web-app/projects/el/index.md, before:

---
title: Estée Lauder Zen Garden CONTEST
---

[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)

Estēe Lauder is looking to YOU to design and build a Karlie Kloss feature piece for their site. Here are the parameters:
- Choose one of the two CSS Zen Gardens starter kits to work with. What is a CSS Zen Garden? It's a demonstration of what can be accomplished with CSS. You will be given HTML to use, and cannot change it at all. The ONLY exception to that rule is, you can add classes or IDs to elements. Then, you'll write CSS to make the page your own. [Find the CSS Zen Garden project that inspired this challenge here](http://www.csszengarden.com/)!
- Decide on a color palette. Decide on which photo assets you will use from the options provided in your starter kit.
- Think carefully about the design decisions you make. You'll be asked to share your rationale for those decision by reflecting on these questions list questions that will be on submission.
  - Question 1
  - Question 2
  - Question 3

Not only will this give you great practice as you continue to develop your skills with HTML & CSS, your work may be featured on Estēe Lauders site! Details on submissions are below.

### Set Up

Choose one of the two CSS Zen Gardens starter kits:
- [option 1]()
- [option 2]()

### Submission

Here's how it will work:
- Submit your Glitch project links and responses to a few questions about your inspiration and process on THIS GOOGLE FORM.
- Submission deadline for all camps: DATE
- On DATE, the SOMETHING Estēe Lauder team will select the project that they feel best...blahblahblah.
- The scholar whose project is selected: Your work is featured, you get some freebies??

<br>
[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)

Commit message:

Add color links to EL contest page

web-app/projects/el/index.md, after:

---
title: Estée Lauder Zen Garden CONTEST
---

[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)

Estēe Lauder is looking to YOU to design and build a Karlie Kloss feature piece for their site. Here are the parameters:
- Choose one of the two CSS Zen Gardens starter kits to work with. What is a CSS Zen Garden? It's a demonstration of what can be accomplished with CSS. You will be given HTML to use, and cannot change it at all. The ONLY exception to that rule is, you can add classes or IDs to elements. Then, you'll write CSS to make the page your own. [Find the CSS Zen Garden project that inspired the challenge in this contest here](http://www.csszengarden.com/)!
- Decide on a color palette. Here are a few great resources:
  - [Color Hunt](https://colorhunt.co/)
  - [Coolers](https://coolors.co/)
  - [Color Picker](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/)

- Decide on which photo assets you will use from the options provided in your starter kit.
- Think carefully about the design decisions you make. You'll be asked to share your rationale for those decision by reflecting on these questions list questions that will be on submission.
  - Question 1
  - Question 2
  - Question 3

Not only will this give you great practice as you continue to develop your skills with HTML & CSS, your work may be featured on Estēe Lauders site! Details on submissions are below.

### Set Up

Choose one of the two CSS Zen Gardens starter kits:
- [option 1]()
- [option 2]()

### Submission

Here's how it will work:
- Submit your Glitch project links and responses to a few questions about your inspiration and process on THIS GOOGLE FORM.
- Submission deadline for all camps: DATE
- On DATE, the SOMETHING Estēe Lauder team will select the project that they feel best...blahblahblah.
- The scholar whose project is selected: Your work is featured, you get some freebies??

Karlie and the Estēe Lauder team can't wait to see what you submit!

<br>
[Back to Projects]({{ site.url }}/web-app/projects)
