instructional-resources/index.md, before:

---
title: Instructional Resources
---

## All Resources

All resources for training and post-training session can be found [in this folder](https://drive.google.com/open?id=14FhQkS3onwn_rBpSuruypXJ8a5k2RFpB).

## Training Resources

If you'd like direct links to resources for each day of training:

Friday:
- [Team Builders, Brain Breaks]()
- [Virtual Norms](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yG-GAhq07VMrekMHHQ6nxDv8vICJhV1hcoNmFXs38EQ/edit)
- [Night Hack: Watch this Zoom Education Features screencast](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/cYhnrPBBQT)

Saturday:
- [Virtual Camp Culture Ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GNV6BvEwhN8MPhTDXIL8frAkxnBwpEKIXt8Zfc9Du_w/edit)
- _Mobile_ [Camp Schedule](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y5GefQYqTusz1gGd-UvYX18gp9XlXJX97TjcF7RSMOc/edit?usp=sharing)
- _WebDev_ [Camp Schedule](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIPdOY8SFbZNNng8A0AoJ1oXSZcRKNwNfq8qVy2scx4/edit)
- [MicroFeedback](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n0kFfYFpXxswNlsNmxgjG_gCju_YaVBtqSHsYjF1ag/edit)
- [2019 MicroFeedback Responses](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/116b31JWxxxo2P6QtaAgcoRHVIyCfpvBQnsDcgbwYUAM/edit#gid=858406607)
- [Night Hacks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EtwJahY-J9WcvWPjrZQeRTDS4-ifYr0Zg0_cjz18-XQ/edit)
- [Meaningful Remote Co-Teaching](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cj0arudcd4X1pM6Ql-LGkfV-CMbLJQCAgoiiG-Y-ZJ8/edit)
- [Camp Team DTR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PoJlgQzy2Zz48L9bI8Z8LNV2vwFbxsFj6bEmBXW5y5E/edit)
- [Camp Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fZHwotrlZqnkhx299WaTDQpPF_DfEOqyX2pz9wA7So8/edit)

Sunday:
- [Culture of Tech]()
- [App Design Journals]()
- [Project Management Tools](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ToXNp1wFyhKNIej82GZRnIfJ24en2stwdGGKTJY1BG0/edit)
- [Power of Communication]()

Post-Training:
- [Events, Prep, and Dates](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV4E6NYyEh7YNwwkagTME6PqxDYPRSIERT1SAXo3p_g/edit)

## Camp Planning

Direct links to resources you'll be using post-training, in your planning;

- [Camp Team DTR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PoJlgQzy2Zz48L9bI8Z8LNV2vwFbxsFj6bEmBXW5y5E/edit)
- [Camp Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fZHwotrlZqnkhx299WaTDQpPF_DfEOqyX2pz9wA7So8/edit)
- [Using Zoom Education](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/cYhnrPBBQT)

## Camp Resources

Direct links to resources you probably want to reference during camps:

- [Co-Teaching](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cj0arudcd4X1pM6Ql-LGkfV-CMbLJQCAgoiiG-Y-ZJ8/edit)
- [Project Management](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ToXNp1wFyhKNIej82GZRnIfJ24en2stwdGGKTJY1BG0/edit)
- [Culture of Tech]()
- [MicroFeedback](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n0kFfYFpXxswNlsNmxgjG_gCju_YaVBtqSHsYjF1ag/edit)

Mobile 📱:
- [Detailed Calendar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y5GefQYqTusz1gGd-UvYX18gp9XlXJX97TjcF7RSMOc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Review + CFU Resources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1zfsNlNjueWpMJGTZrv5RxcL0VT_perg1) - please contribute any resources you've found or created!

WebDev 💻:
- [Detailed Calendar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIPdOY8SFbZNNng8A0AoJ1oXSZcRKNwNfq8qVy2scx4/edit)
- [Review + CFU Resources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1QvTx3ugBVKq9Y0_QFlBUQ2Oqd3GiA_zP) - please contribute any resources you've found or created!

Commit message:

Update all resources section with prompt to bookmark

instructional-resources/index.md, after:

---
title: Instructional Resources
---

## All Resources

All resources for training and post-training session can be found [in this folder](https://drive.google.com/open?id=14FhQkS3onwn_rBpSuruypXJ8a5k2RFpB). Individual resources can be found below, but all live in the same folder - you may want to bookmark this link!

## Training Resources

If you'd like direct links to resources for each day of training:

Friday:
- [Team Builders, Brain Breaks]()
- [Virtual Norms](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yG-GAhq07VMrekMHHQ6nxDv8vICJhV1hcoNmFXs38EQ/edit)
- [Night Hack: Watch this Zoom Education Features screencast](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/cYhnrPBBQT)

Saturday:
- [Virtual Camp Culture Ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GNV6BvEwhN8MPhTDXIL8frAkxnBwpEKIXt8Zfc9Du_w/edit)
- _Mobile_ [Camp Schedule](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y5GefQYqTusz1gGd-UvYX18gp9XlXJX97TjcF7RSMOc/edit?usp=sharing)
- _WebDev_ [Camp Schedule](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIPdOY8SFbZNNng8A0AoJ1oXSZcRKNwNfq8qVy2scx4/edit)
- [MicroFeedback](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n0kFfYFpXxswNlsNmxgjG_gCju_YaVBtqSHsYjF1ag/edit)
- [2019 MicroFeedback Responses](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/116b31JWxxxo2P6QtaAgcoRHVIyCfpvBQnsDcgbwYUAM/edit#gid=858406607)
- [Night Hacks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EtwJahY-J9WcvWPjrZQeRTDS4-ifYr0Zg0_cjz18-XQ/edit)
- [Meaningful Remote Co-Teaching](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cj0arudcd4X1pM6Ql-LGkfV-CMbLJQCAgoiiG-Y-ZJ8/edit)
- [Camp Team DTR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PoJlgQzy2Zz48L9bI8Z8LNV2vwFbxsFj6bEmBXW5y5E/edit)
- [Camp Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fZHwotrlZqnkhx299WaTDQpPF_DfEOqyX2pz9wA7So8/edit)

Sunday:
- [Culture of Tech]()
- [App Design Journals]()
- [Project Management Tools](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ToXNp1wFyhKNIej82GZRnIfJ24en2stwdGGKTJY1BG0/edit)
- [Power of Communication]()

Post-Training:
- [Events, Prep, and Dates](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV4E6NYyEh7YNwwkagTME6PqxDYPRSIERT1SAXo3p_g/edit)

## Camp Planning

Direct links to resources you'll be using post-training, in your planning;

- [Camp Team DTR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PoJlgQzy2Zz48L9bI8Z8LNV2vwFbxsFj6bEmBXW5y5E/edit)
- [Camp Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fZHwotrlZqnkhx299WaTDQpPF_DfEOqyX2pz9wA7So8/edit)
- [Using Zoom Education](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/cYhnrPBBQT)

## Camp Resources

Direct links to resources you probably want to reference during camps:

- [Co-Teaching](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cj0arudcd4X1pM6Ql-LGkfV-CMbLJQCAgoiiG-Y-ZJ8/edit)
- [Project Management](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ToXNp1wFyhKNIej82GZRnIfJ24en2stwdGGKTJY1BG0/edit)
- [Culture of Tech]()
- [MicroFeedback](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12n0kFfYFpXxswNlsNmxgjG_gCju_YaVBtqSHsYjF1ag/edit)

Mobile 📱:
- [Detailed Calendar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y5GefQYqTusz1gGd-UvYX18gp9XlXJX97TjcF7RSMOc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Review + CFU Resources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1zfsNlNjueWpMJGTZrv5RxcL0VT_perg1) - please contribute any resources you've found or created!

WebDev 💻:
- [Detailed Calendar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIPdOY8SFbZNNng8A0AoJ1oXSZcRKNwNfq8qVy2scx4/edit)
- [Review + CFU Resources](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1QvTx3ugBVKq9Y0_QFlBUQ2Oqd3GiA_zP) - please contribute any resources you've found or created!
