swift-ios/lessons/repl/index.md, before:

---
title: Intro to Repl
---

## What is Repl.it?


## Repl.it Files

Repl.it is an online platform where we can write and run our JavaScript code quickly. It's a great place to learn fundamentals and use as a playground! Watch [this video](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/cYfIo7aLBQ), or read each section below to learn a little about how we will use repl.it at camp this summer. _Note: since the video was made, Repl made a small change to the "share/invite" button._

## Creating a New File

To create a new repl file, click the blue "+ new repl" button in the top right corner.

<img class="medium" src="./assets/new.png" alt="">

Then, select JavaScript as your language. Name your file, then click "Create Repl".

<img class="medium" src="./assets/create.png" alt="">

## Run Your Code

Once you write some code and want to run it, click the green "run" button in the top center. You'll see the output on the right side of the page.

<img class="medium" src="./assets/run.png" alt="">

## Working off a Starter File

For some practice exercises, your instructors will give you a starter file. It will take a second to load. Then, when you start typing, it will re-load. This is because you don't have access to edit the starter. So, Repl is creating a copy of that file to your account -that's why it re-loads!

## Sharing A File

To share your code and invite someone to edit or comment on it, click the light blue "share" button in the top right corner.

Then, copy the link that appears towards the bottom of that pop up. Paste the link in Slack. Anyone who clicks on that link will have access to edit that file.

<img class="medium" src="./assets/share.png" alt="">

You can share any file you create as well as any file that came from a starter from your instructors.

Commit message:

Update Swift language lessons for 2021

swift-ios/lessons/repl/index.md, after:

---
title: Intro to Repl
---

[Back to all Lessons]({{ site.url }}/swift-ios/lessons)

## What is Repl.it?

Repl.it in an online interface where we can write and run code. It is a great place to learn and explore the basics of a lanugage and use as a playground to solve isolated problems, but we can't build entire apps in it. We will start by using it, then transition to a more powerful tool later in camp. 

## Creating a New File

To create a new repl file, click the blue "+ new repl" button in the top right corner.

<img class="medium" src="./assets/new.png" alt="">

Then, select JavaScript as your language. Name your file, then click "Create Repl".

<img class="medium" src="./assets/create.png" alt="">

## Run Your Code

Once you write some code and want to run it, click the green "run" button in the top center. You'll see the output on the right side of the page.

<img class="medium" src="./assets/run.png" alt="">

## Working off a Starter File

For some practice exercises, your instructors will give you a starter file. It will take a second to load. Then, when you start typing, it will re-load. This is because you don't have access to edit the starter. So, Repl is creating a copy of that file to your account -that's why it re-loads!

## Sharing A File

To share your code and invite someone to edit or comment on it, click the light blue "share" button in the top right corner.

Then, copy the link that appears towards the bottom of that pop up. Paste the link in Slack. Anyone who clicks on that link will have access to edit that file.

<img class="medium" src="./assets/share.png" alt="">

You can share any file you create as well as any file that came from a starter from your instructors.
